raresmocanu1: False
mira123ful@gmail.com: True
Denis.123456: False
Dyoda: True
Cohalcristigmail.com: False
ddorin344@gmail.com: False
Burcandaniela: False
albertzuzualbert: False
andrew82a: False
CovaciAugustin: False
Alexandruian83: False
georgelazar887+AEA-gmail.com: False
Vasiler70: True
Iorgoiuga: False
BerceaB: False
nicolaenik20@gmail.com: False
Cris26: False
aztecatm18: False
dinudaniel1970@yahoo.com: False
siatatcata8@gmail.com: True
kasse1982: False
bicadumitru: False
campuri1: True
adilast1221@gmail.com: False
neguracristina15@gmail.com: False
robertbarbur10@gmail.com: False
r0man: False
Oncicaalin: False
Oncicaalin: False
valifologea: False
danieldoru: True
AllinnrAa: False
robertbarbu37@gmail.com: False
terecoasa21: True
a3drei@y28mail.com: False
popoacaiustin441@gmail.com: False
Denispop123: False
barbuianis193@gmail.com: False
andruzoneg.v@gmail.com: False
Sillwagie: False
robytzabarbu: False
mariustoma342@gmail.com: False
nikaflorin23@gmail.com: False
HiraX: False
NICOBUTEAN+AEA-GMAIL.COM: False
RazvanSmecheru: False
Fat7yy: False
BindeaMarian: True
Mihaela1956: False
Vulturasecheru: False
georgeungur19@gmail.com: False
norbyka_csoma@yahoo.com: False
rebely10: False
0786016773: False
virus1337: True
yannys21: False
Robertoo96: False
